what's going on guys I'm gonna play some
Hunger Games I am child over and I am
going to join SG space aight space no
sign join eight there we go playing a
little hunger games on the uber
minecraft server hopefully I'm gonna win
I really unlucky with these chests kind
of things m PvP I suck I'm learning
though I'm learning I'm checking out my
older chests out there checking on my
environment there's the middle every
time if you're not if you don't know if
you haven't watched other videos on this
server um everybody's invisible at the
start you don't see anybody and that
guy's a penis licker he ate equals
equals equals equals equals equals
equals d you hmm and just read through
the chats um nice for KJ to meet his
boyfriend that is a lot of swastikas you
raises see I think I pissed me off k
let's get this game going here Oh dinner
that's okay join the game and in it hey
that's me Riahnna child dolphin that's
me 5 4 3 2 1 start running go go go go
go watch it buddy two arrows are not
needed get out get out of here oh Jesus
look at all those people fighting up
there I'm going into the in the forest
oh look at this guy he's not white he's
not white okay i'm scared i'm scared
without the camping rusher with me i'm
scared i'm lost let's say nope not there
where are all these who I saw Jess I saw
chest don't you don't you guys worry
about that i saw chest with nothing in
it oh my gosh how do i survive with
nothing don't you hit me he's got he
can't he got nothing on me gopher to go
for the high ground high ground see if
there's a chest up in these within these
little on this little hill is there one
up there that's a good idea that's
probably one up there what a smart guy I
didn't think of oh there's one up here
what use sick ok I am now ready for
battle time to kick some ass let's roll
ok where are these guys hey where I see
the chest should I kill these guys
let's get up let's get off let's get
this guy let's get this guy his life is
short-lived oh oh dad dad dad Dan it Dan
it Dan nnnnn nnnnn it get this is quite
the battle oh jeez this is going to be
the worst the wait I think I hope it's
worth the wait let's hide my sword so he
doesn't know I have one it looks like i
just have gold plants like a badass
there we go here we go oh I'm going up
fast where's he going where you going
give me Marsh don't fight to the death
fight me oh oh oh jeez I'm low
on food and there's scary guys out there
in the world now I'm low on food oh jeez
oh I need to find view this is such a
bad map what's that guy got you think I
can take him looks like he's got food oh
he's wounded
I can't run anymore okay let's see if I
can get him yes I gotta my god oh my god
oh my god oh no I gonna die I'm gonna
die okay three apples that is lucky okay
now i got full food i'm ready to grab
the rest of his stuff yeah i was a good
good fight to the death always got chain
mail too ooh this is this is good this
is working out for me Oh what am i doing
there okay oh I got an egg those things
are so cheap in this game so cheap oh
let's set these up here i wanna i want
to look nice i won't have a nice
inventory okay I don't need this let's
go there okay oh gosh this is gonna be
sick gotta fight to the death gotta find
an iron sword though this guy's got an
iron chestplate oh jeez go next he's got
eggs run run run run run that was dumb
of me boo this guy's going this guy's
going for him I'm just gonna hang around
and watch this little battle here oh you
swallowed me oh I know I should fight
him like a man but I'm not a man right
now I'm not a man Oh run to the ice
biome nobody goes here ooh jeez gave
evaded a bunch of fights I'm gonna wait
till everybody kills each other and then
when it comes to last alive I'm just
gonna I'm gonna go go out all four
players remaining four players remaining
and there's one sees me he definitely
sees me okay I gotta start running here
okay oh he's missing me left
you got to go with the left-right dodge
he's got full gold so either way I'm
screwed unless unless oh no I'm screwed
okay thank you guys I got what fourth
fifth top five that's pretty good
considering I'm pretty bad at PvP and I
don't have the camper Russia with me so
I'd like to thank you guys on my behalf
for watching my video and if you liked
then like if you comment too like if you
comment in the comment and if you subbed
in comment and if you comment the sub
and if you like then sub if you don't
get that do all three all right to
Toulouse guys child dolphin out